---
id: 2024-01-31
created_date: 31/01/2024
updated_date: 31/01/2024
type: daily-note
---

# 2024-01-31
- **ðŸ·ï¸Tags** : #01-2024  

## Notes

TODO: Vandalism

- lease
- report to police
- photos (before and after)
- insurance
- contact information

reassigned claimed.

mason evans

847.226.3767

could ask for fair rental

normally charged --> 

mitigation --> water restoration, 48225, 

who they are, business number

sample of flooring

----

1/19/2024 --> john milcovich says feb 1 richard back to cdao

1/19/2024 --> icm was project provided

TS email came out

asked SOCOM chat when/whether to apply for SIPR

2024-01-30

01:00 PM sent message to Keith --> SE staffing is a bit out of date. @keith-wilson said you are still on this project. 

@Richard 

2024-01-31

01:15PM today with ICM standup

@Dave (scrum master of icm) --> the chart that ts sent is valid. 

@keith-wilson 

---
@USMC signed up for a bunch of money. $500,000 for next month -- then secure funding --> $3 million over 7 months. 10.8 FTE. 

@RSO genai money has been moved --> $8 million.

## Links

General, please join me in celebrating Patrick's (1/23/23) and Richard's (1/30/2023) 1st C3 Anniversary! 

It has been a privilege to have them on our team and to support them as their manager. It has been hard not to be impressed by their work. From new c3 employees to leading teams and learning new technologies on the fly. 

Here's to your second year at C3!

Luis

Patrick

Richard



Michael, there are so many things to say, that I'm honestly struggling with where to even start. Countless company initiatives, important customer engagements, critical technical capabilities, engineers mentored.... the amount you've accomplished and contributed in 3 years is staggering. The company and I have so much to thank you for. I, and many of your peers, continue to admire the technical excellence and work ethic you demonstrate on a daily basis. It's been such a pleasure having you on the team for this crazy journey, and your continued leadership makes me confident that we can continue tackling any craziness that lies ahead.