# 🚀  feneel-patel -> 

## SCHEDULE

#meeting 

@zach is committed to being here once a month. @alejandro has visibility on @cdao vertical developer access. 

@jon-chao leaving. Connection needs to be updated. Each of the projects have their own particular access. 

	> q: is it possible to have a c3 account?
	
@c3 --> @fitz or @brian has a list. @fitz and @joe. 

> everything @cdao access. needs access to the @room. 

---

@icm 

@wills came today -- @david-corbet 

> code freeze on @monday 

@react work was good. 



---
## 2024-01-12

@feneel --> yymmdd -- we were looking for mmddyy

set up all the runtimes as both tags

s3 --> copy all the files -- taking a long time

@feneel Ardem

@doug SM has SIPR token @ami --> 

#todo get @ami SIPR token

#todo get developer role --> @first 

doesn't have to be a @c3 SIPR --> @scecret 

they're not giving thank

#todo what is the scope of @feneel responsibility for developer `CDAO`. Part of @feneel allocation relates to helping out 

@doug --> does @ami have a @SIPR token. 

working on @SOCOM. @patrick is giving him interesting tasks. 

They have three contractors. Been getting semantic search tickets while gone.

@BGE vLLM model. 

Semantic search.

#todo get on top of objectives. 


## 20231009

### Notes

DataVeracity:

	budget on project
	where is budget coming from
	path from budget flow
	NIPR deployment
	Day off tomorrow @ Nov 10
	
SOCOM:

	Doing a mix of backend and frontend.
	Zander ok. 

Cohort Meeeting:

	Core Ardem --> developed by Deloitte

	Integration into NIPR and SIPR --> had different versions. 

	Was actually a different version. 

- [ ] todo DataVeracity server version [link](https://todoist.com/showTask?id=7476035693) #todoist %%[todoist_id:: 7476035693]%%
- [ ] interest in California [link](https://todoist.com/showTask?id=7476035700) #todoist %%[todoist_id:: 7476035700]%%
- [ ] pulse -->  [link](https://todoist.com/showTask?id=7476035721) #todoist %%[todoist_id:: 7476035721]%%


## 20231012

## 📝 - Notes

> [14:49] Zachary Esber

> I was planning to use his access next week when I'm in Tysons but want to make sure he hasn't been moved elsewhere

> updates
> CoE --> working on the back end. 

> MDA sounds good. Interested in SOCOM to work with Patrick. 

#star NIPR and SIPR

#uiuc Naresh or Adi was denied. Was told that he didn't have enough C3 contributions. 

`short term`:  liked meeting with clients + liked managing the project at a higher level. Enjoyed working with solution manager. Tickets that help him grow, work on tools that are current. Learning nuances of platform. Wants a promotion at the end of the year. 

`long term`: wanting to move away from configuration style work.  

`v8` development: ok -- not keen on it. 

`SIPR` space ingestion will happen tomorrow. 

Once the data is in. Has created backlog tickets for the RDIM project. `Shrei` as solution manager, 30 minute to go through the backlog. Explain where it was in phase 

## 💠 - Action items

---
# 20231026

- Ardem
	- data model changes
	- changing what is being used as foreign key
- 90% - 10% for Ardem
- Also had to provide access for Transcom
- Using @feneel as access for SIPR
- Last week didn't need to go - and Transcom was priority 1
- @keith-wilson is the SM. 
- @naresh mentioned that you should not be doing work on a project 
- @john-chao was on PTO. @feneel is not eligible. Got it for Ardem and Transcom. 
- `CDAO` - @feneel didn't request. Some of the permissions have gotten fixed. Any actions not defined as connector config. 
- @socom booze access. 
- @ardem cluster unstable. 
- #todo access server logs. 

## Onboarding SOCOM

Going well. Working with @patrick. Implementing a "search" feature. Creating types. 
## Self Eval



## TODO

wants to be involved with higher level requirements. Would like to be a part of the team fork how the conversations can go. 

Data Veracity integration should be good. 