---
id: 1_1_patrick_thomas
created_date: 12/10/2023
updated_date: 12/10/2023
type: meeting
---
# 20231009

Notes: 

- feature development --> almost done
- how to get/find flight recorder data in Advana
	- trying to find way forward to get BAH 
	- Brian will have to go and call people to get them to check things
	- this is affecting
	- #todo contractual sow --> 
- Dedicated person to manage talking to BAH. Person should take over contact BAH for Advana. 
- 

# 🚀  1_1_patrick_thomas -> 



---
## 📢 - Project information


# 📅 - Agenda


# 📝 - Notes

`Patrick` -- there are three people on Dyno including me. Deep in the funding part and/or weird modules. 

Interim `TS` 

Some interest in doing `v8` towards the end of the year. 

Suitecase deployment. 

Kubernetes should be simpler than Openshift. 

Running the pipeline - to point to an existing server. Code coverage tools are very bad. 


`v8` dev tools: 

	> 

# 💠 - Action items

#todo send docs on dynamic containers
#todo check on @uiuc --> got approval through @michael 
